Fix #14415: Entrances/exits are removed when built on top of each other (#14490)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#13894] Block brakes do not animate.
- Fix: [#14315] Crash when trying to rename Air Powered Vertical Coaster in Korean.
- Fix: [#14330] join_server uses default_port from config.

> - Fix: [#14415] Entrances/Exits removed if built on top of each other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#14415] Entrances/exits are removed when built on top of each other.
```
